guys you guys really seem to enjoy the
last week review that I did and I'm so
happy that you liked it because I get
really excited about wigs sharing them
with you guys because hopefully there
are some of you that really like them as
well but the same company offered to let
me review another wig and I had a really
good experience with them the first time
I thought their wigs were good quality
and I really appreciated their customer
service they were very quick to respond
to any questions that I had or anything
but then again I'm someone doing a
review for them so it is possible that
they treat me different than an actual
customer so if any of you guys actually
ordered wigs from them if you could
please leave comments below and tell me
what your experience was like and what
you thought of the product because I
really want to share companies with you
guys that I think are actually really
good and I want to know what the actual
experiences you guys have with them are
as well so please do that but yeah I got
to choose another wig and I decided to
go with one of the ombre styles this
time because that just looked like a lot
of fun and I thought it would be great
for someone that doesn't want to commit
to dyeing their hair into an ombre style
but they want to try it out okay so the
weight that I ordered is the sy 0 9 for
synthetic lace front wig long ombre
color so let's open it and see what it
looks like
I'm excited oh it's pretty
that colors I really hate brassy blonde
color it looks great on some skin tones
but definitely not on mine so I'm
very happy that this looks very old not
sure if your camera will pick it up true
to color but it's very nice colors and
the roots are a very dark brown I'm not
sure how this is gonna suit me
I've had this color dark brown hair
before and I kind of felt like my skin
was too light to pull it off but I hope
it works this is very beautiful holy
crap I love it yeah it's coming out a
lot more golden on the camera than it
actually is in real life that's too bad
because I really really want to show you
guys how like ashy and gorgeous the
blonde is I'm gonna take some pictures
and post them on my Instagram I'll also
post them in this video right here so
you guys can see something that's a lot
closer to the actual color but wow
that's really pretty
let me try to hold it up nicely so you
can see how well the Umbra is done
because that's one thing about Umbria
you want it to blend nicely you don't
want it to be like one straight stripe
across and they've done a really nice
job with coloring this wig oh that is so
nice I can't wait to try this on yeah
and it's just got a part at the front
like this and this is like the other way
that I reviewed it's a lace front so I'm
gonna cut off some of it this time so
you can get a more accurate picture of
what it will look like on me alright
guys so I have trimmed the lace so you
can see there's just a little bit left
over there I didn't want to do it right
close to the roots
some people advised me in the comments
that I should leave a little bit and
then kind of hide the lace with
concealer or foundation when I put it on
so I'm gonna try that alright again I'm
not going to use the size adjusting
Clips the bottom here because I have a
giant head so I'm just gonna kind of
leave those loose and this week has
three I'm not really sure what you call
these so three of these things attached
to it so that they can kind of secure
into your hair
okay now once you've got it on you want
to like cover up any of your real hair
so kind of feel around for those clips
that are on the inside there and then
tuck them under your real hair so it'll
be nice and secure now this way comes as
a middle part but I really don't think a
middle part is very flattering on me so
I'm going to see if I can split the hair
and do a side part here this wig is so
long what do you guys think I'm very
happy with the color and the texture is
very nice the only thing about this that
I do not like is how long it is but that
can easily be fixed I feel like when
it's too long like this it's a little
too obvious that it's a wig and it just
doesn't look very natural so I'm going
to take it to the hairdresser and get
them to layer it for me I will
definitely post pictures on my Instagram
to show you guys how it turns out so if
you want to see those follow me on
instagram it's just at Sharla in Japan
well I'm so happy with this oh it's so
pretty the breaker is awesome I don't
even know if it's in style anymore I
don't care I think it looks great it's
really fun I feel like it you could put
some braids in this or something around
here and like a mess it up a bit we
exist so much fun my the only one that
enjoys of this let once I get more wigs
I'm gonna do a whole like wig collection
for you guys and I'll try them all on
you can tell me which one you think
looks the best but I think the saw might
be my new favorite I like it even more
than the super blonde one that I
reviewed last time I'm so happy with it
oh it's so pretty
I really want to know like how they get
their wigs to be so much more
natural-looking than other companies
the only other wigs that I've been
really happy with are the ones that I
got from
navona wigs in each another queue they
have other stores around Japan but they
were very natural-looking as well but I
even found that they're straight ones
were a little too shiny but this company
does a great job of making wigs that are
natural looking so I am thoroughly
impressed with them
alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
thanks for watching a
[Music]